WELCOME and please, allow me to use this page, this frame, to introduce myself ...

My name is MZERMA Amine, and I work as a Standalone IT Pro, in FRANCE, specialized in prepress Activities.

From the day Satya NADELLA spoke about this, last ending year, it invites me to re-vamp my way of thinking about the IT sphere ...

Why ? Why not ?! I finally understood that a very important proportion of what we call, nowadays, "USERS", from the "ending point" to the Executive levels, many did not yet understood in which world we were living ...
Every one is now the USER of someone else ?! isn't it ?!
You use my PICS, I use your App ?! I eat your feed, you dish my plates ?!

So, every corporations seem to be "violated" in her intime-IT while SHE found a way others can do better than here, selling wit lower prices, better solutions, or seem to be better solutions, and, or support, b'cause we can notice a fall in the quality of services, while they are still services, and not only engagements after bots's selections from said to be machine learning "forks" in the if, tehn, or, and ... world !
AND, we feel, as Professionals, somewhat offuscated when we are not eard as we advise, inform, alert or think and share our thoughts ... our interrogatioons, as well, and making efforts offering feedbacks, to help the ones we can think that are Better (another occurence, maybe I'll have to find a way automating the writing of this word ! Maybe I'll write it #B !) ...
IF we were understood, if the purposes of our commentaries were read, maybe things could change, but I believe it is not the case, everywhere ...

This editional page, content, is a DUMP, a tmp DUMP to invite ALL USERS to rethink maybe about the place of IT things in a sphere that is only the Big Data Objet, really, where all those technologies, combined, had ONLY taken the place of our old mechanical typewriting devices ...
A Pc does not yet print any thing from itself ! it still needs a printer ! with or without a cable is just en enhancement ... not the core nor the aim, in itself !

Please, do not forget that our jobs are here ONLY to allow the continuity of Human race expressions, and archiving. We do not more than being witnesses of the time machine continuous "prints"...
there are just some many pages more, every day, not all based on information, or really important things, if we read a paper a day, it can save too much energy if we don't revamp the information Billion times in various "look and feel" types ...

Maybe I will start being "minimalist" in the edition of my writings, publications, letting to others the choice of the end user style !?

How ?! When ?! I have to answer that questions ?! Maybe I'll share my results here :) ...

COREdially, Amine aka Mzermarts.
